res://player/player.tscn
res://player/states/air/fall_attack_state.gd
res://resources/player_normalmap resources/run_normal.tres
res://resources/player_normalmap resources/idle_normal.tres
res://resources/player_normalmap resources/block_normal.tres
res://resources/player_normalmap resources/blockfinish_n.tres
res://resources/player_normalmap resources/blockimpact_n.tres
res://resources/player_normalmap resources/blockprepare.tres
res://resources/player_normalmap resources/crawl_n.tres
res://resources/player_normalmap resources/crouch_n.tres
res://resources/player_normalmap resources/crouchdown_n.tres
res://resources/player_normalmap resources/dash_n.tres
res://resources/player_normalmap resources/doublejump_n.tres
res://resources/player_normalmap resources/fall_n.tres
res://resources/player_normalmap resources/fallattack_n.tres
res://resources/player_normalmap resources/fallattackstart_n.tres
res://resources/player_normalmap resources/ottohurt_n.tres
res://resources/player_normalmap resources/jumpprepare_n.tres
res://resources/player_normalmap resources/jumptofall_n.tres
res://resources/player_normalmap resources/jumpupwards_n.tres
res://resources/player_normalmap resources/landing_n.tres
res://resources/player_normalmap resources/ledgegrab_n.tres
res://resources/player_normalmap resources/parry_n.tres
res://resources/player_normalmap resources/slide_n.tres
res://resources/player_normalmap resources/walljump_n.tres
res://resources/player_normalmap resources/wallslide_n.tres
res://resources/player_normalmap resources/attack1_n.tres
res://resources/player_normalmap resources/air_attack_n.tres
res://chunks/base_chunk.gd
res://scenes/testing.tscn
res://scenes/test_level.tscn
res://levels/city_test.tscn
res://chunks/dungeon/special/full.tscn
res://objects/dungeon/lighting/mesale3.tscn
res://objects/dungeon/lighting/mesale2.tscn
